Trams actually started as a subcategory of trombone.
The trombone is derived from an instrument called the sack-butt.
Trombones were often used by early transatlantic sailors as soup bowls due to ship storage constraints.
Salem witch hunters wielded trombones in hopes that their toots would negate the witches' magic.
Reality Check Through the Skull is the hardest map in the game. It will have you sweating and your arms will be so dead!
The inventor of the Trombone, Thomas Bonefield, could make a perfect trombone noise with his mouth alone. He just wanted to share his gift with the world.
The World Record for shooting a hotdog out of a Trombone is 1.2 miles, set by “Iron Lungs” Johnny Babbon in 1953.
The Japanese word for trombone is 「トロンボーン」, which roughly translates to "trombone".
The word "Trombone" comes from the latin words "Trombus", meaning "Bell", and "Bon", meaning "comically long musical instrument".
Trombone Au Gratin is considered a Parisian delicacy.
If a trombone and a trumpet were to touch, they would cause a massive explosion comparable to that of an atomic bomb.
At least 153 people have died attempting to put keys onto a trombone.
In 1989, a 6 string trombone was invented. The only known prototype is sealed away underneath the Musikverein.
Brass is the strongest metal in the known universe.
The world's largest trombone is in Des Moines, Iowa. It can be seen from space, if you squint a bit.
There are twelve trombones outside your house right now.
Inside of every trombone is another, smaller trombone.
A famous Tromboner and Army Major, Glenn Miller was known to place several hot dogs in his mouth before playing his trombone, therefore allowing him to feed and entertain the troops at the same time.
Some physicists believe that the universe is shaped like a trombone.
“Glizzy Gladiators” is a sport where 2 competitors shoot hot dogs out of trombones at each other.
Trombone!
If you straightened out the tubing of a typical trombone, it would be around 380 centimeters long. That's as long as three football fields!
For a few days in 1986, trombones were feared to be extinct. This time period is now known as The Dark Ages.
Actually, it's only a Tombone if it's made in Tombone, Italy.
You should wait one hour after eating before playing the trombone (unless you ate a hot dog).
A trombone can survive under water for up to 30 minutes.
If you drop a trombone off the Empire State Building, it will gain enough speed to kill somebody on the ground.
If you stretched out 2 trombones end to end, you’d have 2 broken trombones.
It is illegal to own a trombone in the state of Kentucky.
A trombonist is someone who discriminates against trombones.
These tromboners are professionals. Kids, don't try this at home!
Trombones make great pool toys!
For every minute you spend playing this game, a minute passes.
Playing a trombone is believed to absolve one of sin.
9 out of 10 doctors recommend playing the trombone.
If you hold a trombone up to your ear, you can hear the sea.
The trombone and the hambone are sworn enemies.
Trombone Champ is a video game about trombones.
Trombone Champ is a video game about the human experience.
Trombone Champ is a video game.
To toot or not to toot, that is the question.
Trombone and baboon are almost anagrams.
The average hot dog contains 12,000 calories.
The human body can only resist 96 hotdogs.
In the 2000’s, trombones became a popular fashion statement, usually in the form of neckwear.
The trombone was invented in 1996.
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand the trombone. The sound is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the toots will go over a typical listener's head.
Making a trombone out of iron is considered a war crime under the Geneva Convention.
Disassembling a trombone would require the energy equivalent of 7,500 tons of TNT.
The Spanish word for trombone is “tromboñe”.
Takeru Kobayashi has been barred from the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest since 2010 over a contract dispute.
The first Elden Lord was defeated by the 4th Trombone Champ